fix: CLI command text review (#64)
salesforcecli/plugin-lightning-dev: messages/lightning.preview.site.md

# summary

Preview an Experience Cloud site locally and in real-time, without deploying it.

# description

Enable Lightning Preview to see local changes to your site in a real-time preview that you don't have to deploy or manually refresh. To let you quickly iterate on your Lightning web components (LWCs) and pages, your site preview automatically refreshes when Lightning Preview detects source code changes.

> When you edit local files with Lightning Preview enabled, your LWCs reflect the following changes in your org. To apply any other local changes not listed here, you have to deploy them to your org using the `project deploy start` command.

Reviewer: I'm not 100% on the phrasing of this line. What are we trying to convey? Seems like the list of limitations should come directly after the first sentence. Also we should talk about the changes being reflected locally in your site, not your org specifically. 

We should also probably mention that for experience sites, you need to be publish the site first with Lightning Preview enabled before you can use lightning preview site.

Author: I think it'd help to outline what gets deployed automatically vs manually, and also note when you have to retrieve changes. Maybe we can reorganize this info if it's kind of unclear right now. Does this look better to you?

When you edit local files with Lightning Preview enabled, your LWCs reflect these changes in your org. 

- Basic HTML and CSS edits
- Importing new CSS-only LWCs
- JS edits in-service component library
- JS method changes that don't affect the LWC's public API

To apply any other local changes not listed here, you have to manually deploy them to your org using the `project deploy start` command.

When you make changes directly in your org, (like saving new component properties,) they're automatically deployed to your live, published site. To update your project on your local machine with those changes, you have to retrieve them from your org using the `project retrieve start` command.

- Basic HTML and CSS edits
- Importing new CSS-only LWCs
- JS edits in-service component library

> - JS method changes that don't affect the LWC's public API

Reviewer: I need to test and confirm this actual list of whats supported for sites, but I can get back to you with the official list

Reviewer: Ok the new list should be:
- Basic HTML and CSS edits
- Javascript edits in-service component library
- Javascript method changes that don't affect the LWC's public API
- Importing new custom LWCs
- Importing LWCs that already exist on the current page (not sure how to best phrase this)

> When you make changes directly in your org, (like saving new component properties,) they're automatically deployed to your live site. To update your local version of the site with those changes, you have to retrieve them from your org using the `project retrieve start` command.

Reviewer: This isn't true for experience sites

Author: @nrkruk Should I remove this paragraph entirely for `lightning.preview.site.md`?

# flags.name.summary

Name of the Experience Cloud site to preview. It has to match a site name from the current org.

# flags.target-org.summary

Username or alias of the target org. Not required if the `target-org` configuration variable is already set.

# flags.debug.summary

Enable Node Inspector to debug server-side rendering.

# examples

- Preview the site "Partner Central" from the org "myOrg":
  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name "Partner Central" --target-org myOrg
- Preview the site "Partner Central" from the org "myOrg" with Node Inspector enabled:

>   <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name "Partner Central" --target-org myOrg --debug

Reviewer: @lpomerleau do we have existing public SSR debugging documentation we can point at?

Reviewer: Debugging is still TBD on our end - will post exact instructions once I have them

# summary

Preview an Experience Cloud site locally and in real-time, without deploying it.

# description

> In developer preview mode, see local changes to your site in a real-time preview that you don't have to deploy or manually refresh. To let you quickly iterate on your Lightning web components (LWCs) and pages, your site preview automatically refreshes when source code changes are detected.

Reviewer 2: See my comment about similar sentence in `lightning.preview.app.md`.

> Enable Lightning Preview to see local changes to your site in a real-time preview that you don't have to deploy or manually refresh. To let you quickly iterate on your Lightning web components (LWCs) and pages, your site preview automatically refreshes when Lightning Preview detects source code changes.

Reviewer: Note: to use this command on an existing experience site requires that your site has been published at least once after Lightning Preview has been enabled for your org.

Author: ^ Can we say this in the dev guide page instead? It sounds like a consideration/limitation that we could add to the list in the LWC guide.

> When you edit local files with Local Dev enabled, your org automatically reflects these changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you edit these local files with Local Dev enabled, your org automatically reflects these changes.
```

> When you edit local files in developer preview mode, your LWCs reflect these changes within your {org name} org:

Reviewer 2: See my comment about similar sentence in `lightning.preview.app.md`.

> When you edit local files with Lightning Preview enabled, your LWCs reflect these changes in your org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you edit local files with Lightning Preview enabled, the following LWC changes will be reflected in your site preview:
```

- Basic HTML and CSS edits to LWCs
- JavaScript changes to LWCs that don't affect the component's public API
- Importing new custom LWCs
- Importing another instance of an existing LWC

> To apply any other local changes not listed above, you must deploy them to your org using the `sf project deploy start` command. Then, republish your site and restart the server for the Local Dev experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To apply any other local changes not listed above, you must deploy them to your org using the `sf project deploy start` command. Then republish your site and restart the server for the Local Dev experience.
```

> To see any other local changes in your site, you have to deploy to your org. If you make changes directly in your org, (like saving new component properties,) they're immediately live on your site. To update your local version of the site with those changes, you have to retrieve them from your org.

Reviewer 2: See my comment about similar sentence in `lightning.preview.app.md`.

> Use the appropriate topic to preview specific aspects of the development environment.

Reviewer 2: See my comment about similar sentence in `lightning.preview.app.md`.

# flags.name.summary

> Name of the Experience Cloud site to preview. It has to match a site name from the current org.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Name of the Experience Cloud site to preview. It must match a site name from the current org.
```

> # flags.target-org.summary

Author: @nrkruk is this flag required for `sf lightning preview site`? I think it's required for `sf lightning preview app`.

Reviewer 2: When I run the help for this command (i linked in your branch), I noticed that the summary for `--target-org` is different from that of `lightning preview app`.  This command still says: 

`  -o, --target-org=<value>  Username or alias of the target org.`

when it should say: 

`  -o, --target-org=<value>    (required) Username or alias of the target org. Not required if the `target-org` configuration variable is already set.`

The latter is the one that most core CLI commands use, and is better. Can you update this command so it shows the same summary? Thx.

Author: @jshackell-sfdc I have the latter/preferred text in the `app` and `site` files, but you're right that the CLI output shows the shorter text instead for `sf lightning preview site --help`. 
<img width="1208" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-02 at 10 50 47 AM" src="https://github.com/salesforcecli/plugin-lightning-dev/assets/93947656/7d52155d-c27e-4969-bcc2-fb89b9a8a559">

Not sure how to fix this -- could an engineer help us out?

Reviewer 2: I _think_ the fix would be to update the definition of the `--target-org` flag in `site.ts` to this:

```
    'target-org': Flags.optionalOrg({
      summary: messages.getMessage('flags.target-org.summary'),
    }),
```

Currently it's just this:

`    'target-org': Flags.optionalOrg(),
`

Reviewer 2: Just tried it, and yep, that'll do it!

> # flags.target-org.summary

Author: @nrkruk  is this flag required for sf lightning preview site? I think it's required for sf lightning preview app.

Reviewer: Yes but if you are already logged into an org with the CLI, it will pick up the default authenticated org. So its not like it has to be explicitly specified every time

Reviewer 2: Hopefully, the summary of --target-org takes care of that scenario:

`Username or alias of the target org. Not required if the `target-org` configuration variable is already set.
`
If you log in to an org and specify --set-default, then the target-org config var is automatically set locally.

Username or alias of the target org. Not required if the `target-org` configuration variable is already set.

# flags.debug.summary

Enable Node Inspect to debug server-side rendering.

# examples

- Preview the site "Partner Central" from the org "myOrg":
  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name "Partner Central" --target-org myOrg

> - Preview the site "Partner Central" from the org "myOrg" with Node Inspector enabled:

Reviewer 2: Node Inspector?  Or Node Inspect?  The summary of the `--debug` flag says "Node Inspect", but this example uses "Node Inspector".  Please use the same term if possible.

Enable Lightning Preview to see local changes to your site in a real-time preview that you don't have to deploy or manually refresh. To let you quickly iterate on your Lightning web components (LWCs) and pages, your site preview automatically refreshes when Lightning Preview detects source code changes.

When you edit local files with Lightning Preview enabled, your LWCs reflect these changes in your org.

- Basic HTML and CSS edits
- Importing new CSS-only LWCs
- JS edits in-service component library
- JS method changes that don't affect the LWC's public API

> To apply any other local changes not listed here, you have to deploy them to your org using the `project deploy start` command. Then, republish your site and restart the Lightning Preview server.

Author: @nrkruk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply other local changes not listed above, you must deploy them to your org using the `sf project deploy start` command. Then, republish your site and restart the Lightning Preview server.
```
The last sentence is specific to 252 and will not be required in 254 but not sure if we want to mention that here or not.

> For more considerations and limitations, see Salesforce Developers.

Author: @nrkruk I'd like to link out to the LWC dev guide page here (so we don't have to maintain more content in 2 places). The link for that page doesn't work right now (https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/platform/lwc/guide/get-started-test-components.html), but it will once the page gets published in 252 on 8/18.

Author: ^ and i can't push the broken link
